
A chill, unsettling desert wind blows grains of sand past your face as you awaken.
Your eyes slowly crack open to see you’re inside of a decomposing, rusty structure. 
It appears as if it’s been around for a thousand years, but constantly maintained and repaired 
with slightly less old, but still just as rusty, patches of scrap metal. 
You’ve regained more awareness, and see that a large crack in the hull of this metallic beast is 
the source of desert wind and sand, but behind you the metallic structure groans, and the 
darkness of its hallways entices you.

1. Leave the barge.
2. Explore the barge.
You chose: 2. Explore the barge.

A rounded, rusted metal door bids your welcome into the belly of this iron beast, and you
twist the round handle until it squeals open. All around you lie pieces of miscellaneous odds 
and ends, and nothing to stand out to you, this seems to be a junk barge. At the end of the 
room, you notice another smaller, and less mutilated metal door. Upon opening it, a small
neon green light flickers to life, and you see piles upon piles of shimmering gold and other
precious metals. Something clinks quite loudly from the upper decks of the barge, and you hear footsteps accompanied by yelling.

1. Secure yourself in the gold vault.
2. Investigate the noise.
You chose: 2. Investigate the noise.

You tear open the rusted door, and a crowd of shady looking scavengers slink in. “Hey you, 
you’ve saved us quite a lot of time by cracking that door open, how ‘bout we repay the favor?”. 
They allow you to take a more than fair portion of the loot, and even offer you a ride into the 
nearest city. The ride takes a few days, and maybe you didn’t realize how large this desert really 
is. You arrive at the city of Trent, high, ancient stone walls cover the edges of the city, but 
the buildings inside are so crammed they appear to be oozing out of the walls. The scavengers
say their goodbyes to you, and you begin to explore this place for yourself. After some 
wandering, you see a sign point to a large building residing in the central region of Trent. It 
resembles the city walls more than any other building, and appears to be very old.

**You've unlocked access to the currency menu, it will now appear under dialog boxes.**
**Certain encounters have unique interactions if you choose to use your currency.**

Inventory:          Gold/Money: 15

1. Visit the Central Spire.
2. Wander around some more.
You chose: 2. Wander around some more.

As you wander, darkness slowly creeps over Trent. You pass through an alley, trying to find a 
shortcut to the the bustling streets, when a large group of thieves emerges from the shadows, 
blocking your path. “Trent doesn’t often see newcomers, and when she does, they don’t leave.” 
The thieves slowly creep closer towards you, and it starts to look certain that this might be a 
fight you don’t win.


Inventory:          Gold/Money: 15

1. Stay and Fight.
2. Attempt to bribe.
You chose: 2. Attempt to bribe.
You’ve been in some pretty nasty fights onboard the junk barges, but you know when the odds 
are lined up against you. You offer the thieves 5 of your gold, and they scurry off, leaving you, 
and the rest of your small fortune, untouched. After wandering for a little longer, you slowly find 
yourself being more and more drawn towards the center of the city….

Press Enter to continue....

You enter the central Spire of Trent. Several armored sentinels stand guard in the building, with 
a small throne in the center. A man, almost made of smoke, wearing a metallic mask that seems 
to flicker to life sits upon it, clothed in ancient, threadbear robes. He immediately turns to you, 
and grabs your attention with the glimmering mask. “You aren’t of Trent, but you arrive all the 
same, we don’t get many that don’t already reside within her walls”. He stares intensely at you, 
or maybe he’s just staring normally, it’s kind of hard to tell. He sighs, “I can’t even trust my own
these days, let alone the rare outsider”. 
A black orb raises from the ground and the smoke seeping from the man’s visage seems to be 
drawn towards it. As the smoke wraps itself around the orb, you feel your mind start to twist and 
turn, it feels as if the smoke is enveloping your head. After a few minutes, the man stops. “Ah, I 
see. Your story makes sense, you’ve forgotten everything after the attack, but I can still glimpse 
those lost memories in your mind. I am Gonti, the Minister of Trent. You come from a city very 
far to the South, one that was destroyed in the same way many near Trent have been.”

“There used to be hundreds of small settlements surrounding Trent, before this place was a 
desert, and even now. Pillaging bands of raiders, like the ones that took you here, ravaged 
these small towns unto the point of destruction. Your city, was wiped out by a spreading plague, 
and one I am all too familiar with. The last survivors, yourself included, escaped on a barge, 
only to be attacked and shot down.”

Gonti’s smoke seems to twist and billow around in the air as if he’s deep in thought. 
“Hmmmmm…” he mutters, “I may have use of you”

Press Enter to continue...
“You are new to this fight, but I think there is much promise with you. I saw how you dealt with 
those thieves, and you are quite resourceful. I need someone who can wander to find what they, 
or we, are looking for. I need you to lead my new anti-aircraft patrols. My intelligence tells me that the 
raiders are planning something big, I need your help to ward it off, make the skies safe again, so 
that others may safely seek refuge in Trent.”

“Will you help me?”

1. Yes.
2. No.
You chose: 1. Yes.
You help initiate the creation of Trent’s anti-aircraft teams. Your men spend months preparing 
and equipping several defense barges, and when an all-out raider assault threatens the city, 
your patrols decimate them into oblivion. The traveling bands of raiders and marauders are 
practically extinct by the time your first child is born. Trent lives in peace for several years, and 
gains a much larger population as a result of safer skies, thanks to you.
Years later, a plague from the South creeps into Trent, but the influx of people from around the 
globe brings together different scientists with different methods. The plague is cured shortly after 
it infects Trent. Around 5% of the city succumbs to the plague, but Trent remains stronger than ever, and continues to flourish.
With the plague and raider threats completely neutralized, hope returns to the wasteland, and settlements begin to pop up around Trent, humanity expands.

THE END (ENDING 3/4 SCION OF THE SKIES ENDING)
